README.md, before:

# ACNHPokerCore

![Release Image](https://i.ibb.co/txCNG22/131313.png)

   1. Spawns items for you on  Animal Crossing™: New Horizons using [sys-botbase](https://github.com/olliz0r/sys-botbase)
   2. Manipulate in-game critter spawn rate.
   3. Control turnip buying/selling price.
   4. Uncover your weather seed for [MeteoNook](https://wuffs.org/acnh/weather/)
   5. And more

## Prerequisite

   1. A Nintendo Switch capable of running unsigned code.
   2. [sys-botbase](https://github.com/olliz0r/sys-botbase) installed on your Switch.
   3. A copy of Animal Crossing™: New Horizons for the Nintendo Switch ?

## Installation

   1. Download and install the x64 .NET Desktop Runtime [Here](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/5.0/runtime). 

   ![Image](https://i.ibb.co/ZSbmjqg/runtime.png)
   
   Please select "Download x64" under "Run desktop apps".

   2. Download and unzip the latest release of ACNHPokerCore at [Azure Pipelines](https://berichan.github.io/GetNHSE/?org=MyShiLingStar&proj=ACNHPokerCore&projurl=https://github.com/MyShiLingStar/ACNHPokerCore)

   3. Run "ACNHPokerCore.exe"

## Release History

* R20
    * Update from .NET 4.7.2 (.NET Framework) to .NET 5.0 (.NET Core)
    * Dropped the support of USB-botbase
    * Added preview image for bridges in "Bulldozer"
	* Update for Twitch Helix API
	* Update for Game version "Ver. 2.0.5"
	
## Donate

If you are considering donation please keep in mind that the donation doesn't get you anything other than my love. 
* https://ko-fi.com/myshilingstar
* https://www.paypal.me/myshilingstar

Please also consider supporting the original author of ACNHPoker @kinglycosa
* https://ko-fi.com/chad0001

## Meta

Distributed under the BSD 2 license. See ``LICENSE`` for more information.

Commit message:

elys changes - added cheat convertor

README.md, after:

# ACNHPokerCore

## Ely's Changes:   
1. Added function to convert the inventory to cheat sheet txt.  
2. Icon change to show that it is modded ACNHPoker - Not Official one.  
	
![Release Image](https://i.ibb.co/txCNG22/131313.png)

   1. Spawns items for you on  Animal Crossing™: New Horizons using [sys-botbase](https://github.com/olliz0r/sys-botbase)
   2. Manipulate in-game critter spawn rate.
   3. Control turnip buying/selling price.
   4. Uncover your weather seed for [MeteoNook](https://wuffs.org/acnh/weather/)
   5. And more

## Prerequisite

   1. A Nintendo Switch capable of running unsigned code.
   2. [sys-botbase](https://github.com/olliz0r/sys-botbase) installed on your Switch.
   3. A copy of Animal Crossing™: New Horizons for the Nintendo Switch ?

## Installation

   1. Download and install the x64 .NET Desktop Runtime [Here](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/5.0/runtime). 

   ![Image](https://i.ibb.co/ZSbmjqg/runtime.png)
   
   Please select "Download x64" under "Run desktop apps".

   2. Download and unzip the latest release of ACNHPokerCore at [Azure Pipelines](https://berichan.github.io/GetNHSE/?org=MyShiLingStar&proj=ACNHPokerCore&projurl=https://github.com/MyShiLingStar/ACNHPokerCore)

   3. Run "ACNHPokerCore.exe"

## Release History

* R20
    * Update from .NET 4.7.2 (.NET Framework) to .NET 5.0 (.NET Core)
    * Dropped the support of USB-botbase
    * Added preview image for bridges in "Bulldozer"
	* Update for Twitch Helix API
	* Update for Game version "Ver. 2.0.5"
	
## Donate

If you are considering donation please keep in mind that the donation doesn't get you anything other than my love. 
* https://ko-fi.com/myshilingstar
* https://www.paypal.me/myshilingstar

Please also consider supporting the original author of ACNHPoker @kinglycosa
* https://ko-fi.com/chad0001

## Meta

Distributed under the BSD 2 license. See ``LICENSE`` for more information.
